Add K8 tab to PL Config page (#26798)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/platform/private_locations/configuration.md

```
synthetics-pl-worker.exe --help
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> Check example on [github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/synthetics-private-location][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the example in the [Datadog Helm repository][1].

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/synthetics-private-location
```

Reviewer: Since the link is in a tab, the URL should be included within the tab as well.

Author: Correct me if I'm wrong, but readme says user should add that repo to Helm first, so maybe a link to the readme would be more beneficial than just to chart.yaml file.
